0kay so dad came `]]`.

> ` ( : `

## About the `byme NETWORK` remap:
First of all, there is now a cool $8,192.00 `priceTag` on top of our base.
###### COngratulations to @N1Xbot and their ##xPX-3XX generuter.

----

# Currency in the Network

Currently, there are _five_ (**6**) `named` DNS records for our website.
Namely, the following.

1|2|3|T|note
----|----|----|----|----
A|@|`35.199.189.138`|1 min|
A|6|`35.199.189.138`|1 min|
A|8049|`185.199.108.153`|1 min|github/8049
A|blog|`35.199.189.138`|1 min|
CNAME|blog|`35.199.189.138`|1 min|
TXT|@|v=spf1 include:spf.efwd.registrar-servers.com ~all|Automatic|eMails

###### We will await the `128-minute` clock.

----
# Meanwhile💥

### What we learnt today :
About the advanced DNS `--option`$
#### About `CNAME` records

#### About `A` records
In words of Maria, _An `A`-record (address record) allows one to associate a name ( domain, or subdomain) with an existin’ `IP`-address (point) which is `32-bit`._

#### About `CNAME` records
In words of Maria, _Any `CNAME`-record (Canonical 'name' record) allows one to associate a *host-name* ( a domain, or subdomain) with an existing `hostName`._

### Easy info™ :
`A-record` is THE record.
CNAME is any other A-record pointin to any existing, _other_ `A-record`.

## Something Interesting:
[Last time](8220_0xFFF.md), I wrote about howthis all started in the first place and how I ended up making out with [`somwhr`](https://somwhr.2by.me), amog other things.
### So what?
So, right now, despite lacking a record inside my NameCheap account, explicitly, there still ^`dig`$ the follows:

```
Xe_8223@xPX32 ~ $ dig +noall +answer somwhr.2by.me
somwhr.2by.me.		215	IN	CNAME	7o6.github.io.
7o6.github.io.		3392	IN	A	185.199.108.153
7o6.github.io.		3392	IN	A	185.199.111.153
7o6.github.io.		3392	IN	A	185.199.110.153
7o6.github.io.		3392	IN	A	185.199.109.153
```
Yes, these are github servers, on some Azure instance.
## But where are these records located!

I talked earlier about why ENS or `.bit` addresses were important, though never mentioned some rad `b://` or `c://` proto _pronto_ approaches.
The crux of all this gibberish is anyone can mod anyones record via lil SEngineering imho and thre is no sign or such of who made the change.

With the `ENS` et. al., we could always be sure of who updated which recoreds, similar to how EOS keeps data in RAM-tables that are publicly queriable..

I'll wait and re:concile later today.

XXXX


----
----
----
----

\\\ Your fave Luser
[- Xe](https://about.me/itsN1X)
